(DOCSP-19850): Update realm encryption with Device Sync description (#2292)
mongodb/docs-realm: source/sdk/dotnet/fundamentals/realm-encryption.txt

integrity using a :wikipedia:`hash-based message authentication code
(HMAC) <HMAC>`.

.. include:: /includes/encrypt-use-strong-cryptographic-hash.rst

Considerations
--------------

The following are key impacts to consider when encrypting a realm.

Storing & Reusing Keys
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You **must** pass the same encryption key every time you open the encrypted realm. 
If you don't provide a key or specify the wrong key for an encrypted
realm, the Realm SDK throws an error.

Apps should store the encryption key securely, typically in the target

> platform's secure key/value pair storage, so that other apps cannot read the key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
platform's secure key/value storage, so that other apps cannot read the key.
```

and elsewhere

You can use :xamarin:`Xamarin Secure Storage <essentials/secure-storage>` to 
simplify the access to underlying storage. Ultimately, it is the developer's 

> responsibility to ensure that attackers cannot easily extract the key.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
responsibility to ensure that attackers cannot access the key.
```
